Approved For Release 2000108108 : CIA-RDP96-00789R001900260002-2

'Other A' Summary

1. Source described site as an 'official' technical
experiment. Site's main component is very long, thin and
raised. It is higher in the middle and lower to the sides
(NFI). In cross section, it gives the impression of a
'conduit' for something. High levels of electromagnetic energy
are essential to the site. Part (or all) of the conduit is
composed of segments. There is a sense of very dense or heavy
metal associated with the site, particularly in connection with
the object discussed below.

2. A metallic, highly polished, bullet-shaped object,
delivered to the site in a heavily reinforced shipping
container, is placed at the (closed) end of the conduit.
Within this object is a container holding a corrosive
substance. The substance seems to be black in color while in
the container but changes color (perhaps to gold) as it
proceeds out of the container and on to the objective (NFI).
(NOTE: Source could not determine if the metallic object, the
substance it contained or something else was directed down the

conduit).

3. The object of the experiment was to impact a
rectangular target, (made up of a substance on a matrix), with
at least 223 thing. To insure this, several or many 'things'
are projected at it. This action causes the target to become
blackened, warped, pitted, eroded and scoured. After impact,
the target is studied, examined and analyzed.

Approved For Release 2000108108 : CIA-RDP96-00789R001900260002-2